fix typo (#1711)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/openscap.adoc

Other profiles, like the CIS profile, are community supplied and not officially supported by {suse}.

> For Non-{suse} OSs, note that the included profiles are community supplied and not officially supported by {suse}.

Author: ```suggestion
For Non-{suse} operating systems the included profiles are community supplied.
They are not officially supported by {suse}.
```
drive-by wording change
